Add DOI deduplication (#17)
asreview/asreview-datatools: README.md

asreview data dedup MY_DATASET.ris -o output.csv
```

> Remove duplicates based on custom PIDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove duplicates based on a custom PID.
```

> The PID is case sensitive so if the column header in your .csv is 'DOI', use `--pid DOI`.

Reviewer: Isn't this obvious or not?

> Remove duplicates based on a custom PID.
> If data contains a column with PubMed identifiers (`PMID`), this can be used for deduplication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the PID is set to 'doi'. The `dedup` function offers the option to use a different PID.
Consider a dataset with PubMed identifiers (`PMID`), the identifier can be used for deduplication.
```

```

> asreview data dedup MY_DATASET.ris -o output.csv --pid custom_PID

Reviewer: Pubmed example? Or any other use case? (Only if possible)

Author: Added. I am still doubting whether to add that this specifically goes for .csv files with an appropriate column header, although I don't think anyone with a .ris will find himself in the position of thinking it would work.

Reviewer: Yes, this example is, in general, limited to tabular files. It might be better to use a tabular format in the example.
